fcos/v1_5_exp: Identify and match existing partitions based on label and number (#436)
coreos/butane: docs/release-notes.md

### Features

- Add `-c`/`--check` option to check config without producing output

> - Improve partition validation logic for _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_ to warn against invalid configurations.
>   Warns when wipe_table: false and any partitions have number: 0, except for root disk as "/dev/disk/by-id/coreos-boot-disk".

Reviewer: How about just:

```suggestion
- Warn if config attempts to reuse partition by label _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_
```

### Features

- Add `-c`/`--check` option to check config without producing output

> - Warn if config attempts to reuse partition by label _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_

Reviewer 2: "Warn when a non root disk attempts to reuse partition by label _\_(fcos 1.6.0-exp)\__" WDYT?

Author: Yeah i like that, it it too specific if we said "Unless wipe_table is true warn when a non root disk attempts to reuse partition by label _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_"

- Drop `extensions` section _(fcos 1.5.0+, openshift 4.13.0+)_
- Drop `LuksOption` and `RaidOption` types _(Go API for fcos 1.5.0+,
  flatcar 1.1.0+, openshift 4.14.0-experimental)_
- Require Go 1.18+ 

> - Add warning for bad non-root partition tables when 'wipe_tables' is false and partition number is zero in _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_

Reviewer 2: hmm, how about 

"Warn if specifying a partition number of zero on a non root device with `wipe_tables` set to false \_(fcos 1.6.0-exp)\_"

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think I changed my mind.
WDYT
"Warn on invalid partition configuration \_(fcos 1.6.0-exp)\_"

Author: "Warn on invalid partition configuration _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_" sounds good :+1:

- Drop `extensions` section _(fcos 1.5.0+, openshift 4.13.0+)_
- Drop `LuksOption` and `RaidOption` types _(Go API for fcos 1.5.0+,
  flatcar 1.1.0+, openshift 4.14.0-experimental)_
- Require Go 1.18+ 

> - Added warning for bad partition table configurations when a non-root partition tables wipe_tables is false and the partition number is zero in fcos/v1_6_exp.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I would prefer to keep this at one line if we can, lets try and make it concise.

Additionally lets also look at the tense of the wording, the release notes is present tense. 

And when referencing configs you can do so like _(fcos 1.6.0-exp)_

- Drop `LuksOption` and `RaidOption` types _(Go API for fcos 1.5.0+,
  flatcar 1.1.0+, openshift 4.14.0-experimental)_
- Require Go 1.18+

> - test: Add a test for fcos/v1_6_exp to detect bad partition table configurations when wipe_tables is false and the partition table is not on the root disk.

Reviewer 2: Firstly; great attempt! 
So with our release notes (similarly to our commit messages) there are a few things to consider. 

You want to be concise as this is going to be a bulleted list at release time. (i.e https://github.com/coreos/butane/releases)

You also want to ask what part of the added work impacts the end user, if any (non developer)?
In this work example, the end user would be impacted more by the warning as they could see it. As the tests would only directly effect our developers working on the project. 

So we might want to try another swing at this with the context that this is a broadcast the the end user, and they would be reading this for what functionality was gained or lost since the last release.

Author: pushed a rewording of it lmk what you think!
